#### Some Notes about the Data
- **ICR = Instructor Composite Rating**, constructed by student response means to the following fields: 0-5 ratings for 'Demonstrated relationships between theory and practice', 'gave understandable presentations', 'used appropriate examples to clarify points', 'provided useful responses to questions', 'responded to inquiries in a timely manner'. **Should be some score x/25. A high score in this category reflects the professor's ability to provide and explain material and help 1-on-1**
- **GCR = Grading Composite Rating**, constructed by student response means to the following fields: 0-5 ratings for 'Graded my performance fairly', 'Provided useful feedback on assignments', 'Provided useful feedback on assessments', 'the course workload requirements were reasonable' **Should be some score x/20. A high score in this category reflects fair grading for the course** To produce the **GCR** I will add up the responses from each of these questions and arrive at the x/20 score, I will either turn this into an average / 5 or a percentage based score, depending on how practical examples look.
- **CCR = Course Composite Rating**, constructed by student response means to the following fields: 0-5 ratings for 'The required materials contributed to my learning', 'course assessments measured what I learned in the course', 'course content was relevant to my career' **Should be some score x/15. A high score in this category reflects the content being relavant**. To produce the **CCR** I will add up the responses from each of these questions and arrive at the x/15 score, I will either turn this into an average / 5 or a percentage based score, depending on how practical examples look.
- **CR = Challenge Rating**, constructed by student response means to the following fields: 0-5 ratings for 'The course content challenged me', This data may not be that useful as when taking a survey I'm sure students automatically gravitated towards higher rankings due to the other questions surrounding this one, but could be useful.
- **TSW = Time Spent (per week)**, on average how often students spent on course material per week including class time/videos, readings, and assignments **Should be some value x which reflects the number of hours spent on course material per week. A high number in this category reflects a higher time commitment for the course** Responses are recorded in ranges 1-5, 6-10, 11-15, 16-20, 20+ For categories with a range I will take the center value of this range and multiply it by the number of responses, for the 20+ category I will approximate 30-35 as I heard from a professor that this is an accurate measurement for algorithms - or make a course by course evaluation. Averaging these responses I will arrive at the **TSW**.
- **PS = Prep Score**, on average how students felt they were prepared for the course. **Some score x/5 where 5 reflects that students felt prepared, 1 reflects students were not prepared. A higher number in this category reflects the course being easier overall** Student responses range from Not prepared, somewhat unprepared, neutral, somewhat prepared, completely prepared. I will assign a value to each of these responses and average the responses to arrive at the **PS**. 
- **RWL = Reasonable Work Load**, x/5 score on how reasonable the students felt the workload was.